Reflection #1 @L3P7:
	When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
	* If I'm doing collaborators on that project 
	* If I need some external help 
	* If I'm a person who does not like to carry a laptop and works in several different places and pc's
	* 

Reflection #1 @L3P7:




Reflection #3 @L3P10:
	Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	Otherwise git would not have any differences from Drive or Dropbox at all.

Reflection #4 @L3P14:
	Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	clone downloads a repo to one's local.
	fork works on github-only and creates a copy of another's github-repo to one's account.
	branch works totally different. It creates a parallel highway to work.
	If repo is on github and I'm NOT a collaborator of it, then I fork it.
	If repo is on github and I'm a collaborator of it, then I clone it.
	If I want to make a major change on a project, then regardless of its position I branch it.

Reflection #5 @l3p22:
	What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	You can work on the project knowing that you are moving ahead of the remote copy. Thus you know that you should check the diff on remote before you push.


Reflection #6 @l3p25:
	How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	I may use emailing and giving appropriate file names includes branches and short commit notes. But that would be a terrible idea. Because nothing would be easier and evaluating changes and progress on the project would be really hard.


Reflection #7 @l3p31:
	When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	When I have different collaborators I make changes in a seperate branch. This way I can pull request so everybody on the project can check my changes and accept them if everything is allright. This way I give headsup to everybody, basicly say that "Hey guys! I've changed something here. Come and check".
	But if I work alone than I would make changes on same branch, unless I want to go for a major change. This way, since I don't have any other person to worry about missing the recent updates, I can work quickly.


